readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Darepen/">
    <img src="./assets/gif/BESTLOGOEVER.gif" alt="HUH?" width="150" height="auto">
  </a>
  <h3 align="center">Seatwork 4</h3>
</div>
<div align="center">
  This is what I did as my Seatwork 4 for Web Design Lab.
</div>

<br />

![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=Darepen/WD-Seatwork4)

---

<br />
<br />

<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rules-practices-and-principles">Rules, Practices and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

### Project Description

The Feature Display Website is a multi-page website developed as part of Seatwork 4 for the Web Design Lab. It showcases various unique and engaging design layouts for different features using pure HTML and CSS. The purpose of this project is to demonstrate different layout designs and navigation techniques, as well as to practice HTML and CSS skills.

### Key Components

- **Landing Page:** Overview and navigation to feature pages.
- **Feature 1 Page:** Description and layout of Feature 1.
- **Feature 2 Page:** Description and layout of Feature 2.

### Technology

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Rules, Practices and Principles

1. Always use `WD-` in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use `index.html` as the filename.
3. Place Files in their respective folders.
4. All file naming are in camel case.
   - Camel case is naming format where there is no white space in separation of each word, the first word is in all lower case while the succeeding words first letter are in upper followed by lower cased letters.
   - ex.: buttonAnimatedStyle.css
5. Use only `External CSS`.
6. Renaming of Pages folder names are a must, and relate to what it is doing or the data it holds.
7. File Structure to follow below:


```
WD-Seatwork4
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Sample Title | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | trykolang.com |

Commit message:

docs(README): answer guiding questions

readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Darepen/">
    <img src="./assets/gif/BESTLOGOEVER.gif" alt="HUH?" width="150" height="auto">
  </a>
  <h3 align="center">Seatwork 4</h3>
</div>
<div align="center">
  This is what I did as my Seatwork 4 for Web Design Lab.
</div>

<br />

![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=Darepen/WD-Seatwork4)

---

<br />
<br />

<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rules-practices-and-principles">Rules, Practices and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

### Guiding Question:
- What is the project
  - The project is a Feature Display Website, a multi-page website developed as part of Seatwork 4 for the Web Design Lab.
- Whats the purpose
  - The purpose of the project is to showcase various unique and engaging design layouts for different features using pure HTML and CSS. It aims to demonstrate different layout designs and navigation techniques and practice HTML and CSS skills.

- What are key components
  - **Landing Page:** Overview and navigation to feature pages.
  - **Feature 1 Page:** Description and layout of Feature 1.
  - **Feature 2 Page:** Description and layout of Feature 2.
- What technology used and how it is used
  - The project uses HTML for the structure and content of the website, CSS for styling and layout design, and JavaScript for interactive elements.



### Project Description

The Feature Display Website is a multi-page website developed as part of Seatwork 4 for the Web Design Lab. It showcases various unique and engaging design layouts for different features using pure HTML and CSS. The purpose of this project is to demonstrate different layout designs and navigation techniques, as well as to practice HTML and CSS skills.

### Key Components

- **Landing Page:** Overview and navigation to feature pages.
- **Feature 1 Page:** Description and layout of Feature 1.
- **Feature 2 Page:** Description and layout of Feature 2.

### Technology

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Rules, Practices and Principles

1. Always use `WD-` in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use `index.html` as the filename.
3. Place Files in their respective folders.
4. All file naming are in camel case.
   - Camel case is naming format where there is no white space in separation of each word, the first word is in all lower case while the succeeding words first letter are in upper followed by lower cased letters.
   - ex.: buttonAnimatedStyle.css
5. Use only `External CSS`.
6. Renaming of Pages folder names are a must, and relate to what it is doing or the data it holds.
7. File Structure to follow below:


```
WD-Seatwork4
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Lovelots Cakes Website | This is where I got their features from. | https://lovelotscakes.com/ |
| Project Zomboid Website | This is where I got their features from. | https://projectzomboid.com/blog/ |
